Disable `/etc/bash_completion.d/redefine_filedir` (#667)
scop/bash-completion: doc/bash_completion.txt

    loaded. If unset or null, the default compatibility directory to use is
    `/etc/bash_completion.d`.

> *BASH_COMPLETION_COMPAT_IGNORE*::

Reviewer: I realized we haven't quite resolved the naming issue which also relates to these variables in https://github.com/scop/bash-completion/discussions/539. Let's see if we can get that one resolved before merging this.

Author: Now #678 has been merged for the naming of the configuration variables, so I have rebased this PR. Now this is ready for review.

> Blacklisted completions in `BASH_COMPLETION_COMPAT_DIR` (the compat dir)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files in `BASH_COMPLETION_COMPAT_DIR` (the compat dir) to ignore,
```

specified by a glob pattern.  The completion files in the compat dir whose

> basename matches with this pattern will not be sourced from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
basename matches with this pattern will not be sourced by
```

> `bash_completion` on loading.  This variable can be used to suppress the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bash_completion` at its load time.  This variable can be used to suppress the
```

problematic completions.
+

> One example is `acroread.sh` which is installed by some eversions of Adobe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One example is `acroread.sh` which is installed by some versions of Adobe
```
